Hey, good morning family. How are y'all doing today? Well, praise the Lord, we're going to do another prayer video with you.
Holy Spirit, we just thank You that You have Your way today. We just invite You into this prayer time.
We invite You into our prayer time, Holy Spirit. We need You. Pray through us.
We want to go into the deeper things—the deeper wells, the deeper rivers of the Living Water today. I don't want to just go and tread shallow.
Father, I want all of You and none of me, and I thank You, Father, that today we will move things in the spirit realm the way You want it done.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that this is a special time. This is a time that we come before You; we come to the throne room of God.
We're coming up higher with the fire, coming up with the throne room of God, taking all the care out of our prayers, throwing off that beggar's cloak, and knowing that we are seated with You in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers, and might, and spiritual wickedness in high places.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're the one that seated us there. We didn't put ourselves there; You seated us there.
We're seated with You because You said, 'Sit down.'So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that I have the opportunity to come into Your throne room today.
I thank You, Father, that I have the opportunity to come up higher today, because it's only by Your blood and only by Your grace that I'm able to do so.
Father, it wasn't by anything that I ever did to earn it; I can't achieve it, but You say we qualify.
We qualify, Father. I thank You, Father, for all that You've done and all that You're going to do in Jesus'name.
Well, I was going to say, the lady that was at Billy Burke—I think it was Sunday night—it blessed me that you would send me the video that you went up there for healing and all that happened.
That was really cool. Diana showed it to me and she said, 'Look at this, honey.
This lady went for healing for her foot.'So we're praying for your foot, for the complete manifestation of what you've been believing for. Don't give up on it.
I believe with all my heart you stand when all else there is to do is stand; stand therefore, and you keep standing, even whenever you, in the natural, still have pain.
Even in the natural, when you still have whatever was going on with that—looked like a lot—but I believe that your victory is right there.
You receive it by faith and you take it by faith, and I believe that's what you've got to keep doing.
You've got to keep standing and believing for the victory and say, 'Hey, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.'So I'm excited for you that you got to go and be a part of that.
She said she drove three hours. And then there was another man; he went, and I saw his face.
He went to the meeting, and he is a person who watches the videos a lot, on my videos, and he was from Canada.
So he showed us that he went, so that's cool that you all are going and being a part of those meetings.
I encourage everybody who is around, if you see Billy Burke's itinerary and he is in your area, I encourage you to go and support his ministry.
It really blessed me and Diana, and when we have an opportunity, we will be at where he's going to be at.
I mean, seriously—not that I'm giving any glory or any praise to any man—but whenever you see somebody who is hungry and passionate about the Holy Spirit and wants to see a move of God in these last days, I always try to encourage people to go out and support that because, I'm telling you, there's not very many of them left.
I see it. There's a lot of show. There's a lot of people who are in it for the money, in it for fame, in it for clout—whatever—but those that just have a genuine hunger and a heart, you can feel that freshness.
You know what I'm saying? When you go into an atmosphere that is not, what I want to say, commercialized, you can feel the true, tangible, authentic presence of God.
It's hard to find it nowadays, and so I encourage you: if you are in the area and he's around, I believe whenever I was there I felt a true, tangible, authentic presence of the Lord.
And I can't wait to be able to visit again. I would love to go down to Florida and see him again when he goes to Tampa or to Miami, or any of those areas, especially in January and February when it's really cold here.
So we just want to encourage y'all today. Diana and I are praying, we're believing, and we're standing with you for what you're needing—whatever you may have going on in your life that you think is impossible.
There's nothing impossible today. So we're going to pray and we're going to believe God for your miracle, for your healings, for your time of travel.
You may be traveling for this holiday season; we're going to pray for you for that. We're going to pray for a lot of things.
I'm going to spend less time talking and more time praying and believing with you for your miracle, for what you're believing for.
2025 will be a great year in Jesus'name for you all, that we stand on our covenant—that we're not moved by what we see around us, we're not moved by what we feel, we're moved by what the Word of God says.
Because He said we have what we say, and we're going to say out of our mouths: 'Our year of 2025 is blessed.
Our year of 2025 is going to be prosperous. Our year is going to be healed and whole and well.'Whatever you may need. And that we finish strong in 2024.
We've got a couple more weeks here, and we're going to live long and finish strong—time for strong living in by faith—that we have what we say, and we call those things that be not as though they were today.
That's what you've got to do. You've got to call your circumstances and tell them, 'You're going to change.
You're going to change.'And that moment you spoke it out—remember whenever I was before the throne of the Lord, He said, 'Say this.'When I went before the throne of the Lord, every time when I was there, He spoke out of His mouth.
Every time the Father spoke something, it came out like a seed; it came out like a light.
Every word started to grow right in front of me; it became a seed and it started to grow like peanut roots.
It all started to grow right in front of my face when I was at the throne.
Every letter was in English to me because that's what I speak.
Every word that He spoke came out in English, and each letter became a seed, and every seed started to grow, and it became one word—all like roots that were moving, like peanut roots or potato roots or whatever.
You could see the plant growing right there in front of my face.
But every word looked like a root, and they would form and they would move out all over in front of me and they joined into one word. But they did not die.
Like, you think your words come out of your mouth and they just fall flat on the ground and they're just there—well, they're just going to the atmosphere—but your words grow roots and they become powerful.
The Bible says that life and death is in the power of your tongue.
So how is that possible, that life and death is in the power of your tongue?
That's telling you that your words do not return unto you void.
He says, 'My words will not return unto Me void, and they will accomplish that which I set them to do.'So if you have power in life and death in your tongue and your words will accomplish—how would your words accomplish that?
Well, in the spirit realm, just like the Father, whenever I was taken to His throne, those words grow; they become life, because His words are life to those that find them and health to all their flesh.
The Bible says that. So the Word of God becomes life to those that find them and health to all their flesh because your words are alive, ladies and gentlemen. Your words have power to change things.
And so when you speak out of your mouth and you decree in your heart and you say those things—because the Bible says out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks.
So if you want to know what's inside of you in abundance, you just open your mouth, and the more you open your mouth, what's in abundance in you comes out of you, because out of your belly shall flow rivers of Living Water.
So those waters come up out of you. And what's in you—you can have some real nasty, stagnant water or you can have Living Water, but that's your choice today.
You have to get in that Word and get the Word foundation. The Word has to be a foundation in your heart.
So the more you make that Word Living Water, that Living Water comes up out of you.
Out of your belly shall flow Living Water. That's what's changing your heart.
That's what gets inside your heart, is what I'm trying to say, and you can see what's in you.
It's like a sponge: boop, and it all of a sudden starts coming up out of you.
And you go, 'Wow, that man's full of the Word,'or 'That lady's full of the Word,'or 'Hey, he's full of bad things because he sure talks a lot of trash.'Okay, so all those roots came up out of that in front of me; they started to grow, and I'm telling you every single thing started stacking all in front of me.
His words formed a line like a book, and every single time they would just stack, stack, stack.
I could see it all being put out. But as they were growing, ladies and gentlemen, every word grew together.
Every sentence started growing together; they became one.
God didn't just speak to hear Himself talk; He speaks to make real things happen in a real world.
And whenever He speaks, He changes things. Just like whenever He spoke the worlds into existence, what He said, He got.
And you're created in His image; you are created in His likeness, and the same power that was in Him rests on you.
You have Him inside of you; He dwells on the inside of you. So as you speak, just like He spoke, that power flows through you to change things. Do you understand?
So that's why I'm trying to tell you: when you decree a thing out your mouth, when you say out your mouth, 'I'm healed, I'm whole, I'm prosperous, my marriage is whole, my children are whole, my house is a happy house, I've got joy in this house, I'm full of joy, I'm no longer depressed, I have no anxiety, I have no fear.'I can speak and decree a thing out of my mouth.
You know why? Because the same life-giving power lives on the inside of you.
Because He spoke it, just like He did in Genesis: He spoke the worlds into existence, He spoke it all.
And guess what? He lives on the inside of you. So as you speak to your circumstances, they change.
'Well, how come I don't see it so quick, Brother Brandon?'That's grace.
That's grace. You know why? Because you speak a lot of trash too.
And as you bridle your tongue, as you take captive of your tongue and your thoughts and you make sure that your tongue is just not unruly, speaking things all over the place, you'll see more manifestation.
What if you started going around saying, 'Well, that just thrills me to death,'and you fell over dead? What if that happened?
You would go, 'Wow.'If we started seeing people fall over dead when they say, 'Well, that scared me to death,'and you got scared to death and you fell over dead right there, people would realize how powerful their words truly are.
But God's grace and mercy is over that, ladies and gentlemen, so that when we say something silly like that, we don't just have the fruit immediately.
But I'm telling you, if you keep saying that out of your mouth—'That just blows me away'—it seems so innocent, but your mouth is like a loaded weapon.
You can speak words that are a blessing or you can speak words that are a curse.
And when you speak over your children, you speak over your wife, you speak over your husband, when you speak over your finances, you're pointing that loaded weapon towards it.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue. Remember that today. I just felt like the Lord wanted me to say that.
He told me, He said, 'Tell about the seeds.'So the seeds come out of your mouth, and when you're speaking into the atmosphere, you're creating a canvas of life or death.
What do you speak? What do you decree today out of your mouth?
Life and death—remember that. You have the power and authority to do it.
So I say today, 'Father, I thank You.'If you say, 'Well, I've spoken a lot of bad words, I've said a lot of bad things out of my mouth, and I don't know how I'm going to get any of that back; what am I going to do?'Father, I thank You for a crop failure.
I thank You for a crop failure for every single word that I've spoken out of my mouth that's been ill towards my wife, to my children, to my finances, to my house, to all this stuff.
Saying bad things—Father, I thank You for Your mercy, for You said Your mercy is new every morning, and today I need new mercy.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that I have what I say, and You said I'm going to call a crop failure over those words.
Father, I pray mercy over those words that I have spoken out of my mouth, and I receive it by faith that I have a crop failure over my bad words that I have spoken against anybody. Thank You, Lord.
I now bless them in the name of Jesus, and I send blessing over those words, because as I speak, it's turning the thing around, and those other words, they're just falling to the ground.
And then you take communion over it. You take communion over it and say, 'Father, I take mercy over this,'and you plead the blood over it, and you move on.
You don't worry about it; you don't take care over it. You just change the direction of your mouth. You change the direction of your mouth.
That's why I always say Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, being fully persuaded that what God has promised, He is able also to perform it in your life.
So I believe with all my heart today: you have the power of life and death in your tongue, and faith calls those things that be not as though they were, and you're calling it to be not as though they were.
I speak it out of my mouth: I am free from whatever I need to be free from.
So say that out of your mouth today, and I hope that blessed you.
So those seeds became like a canvas and they all started growing and they went into the Living Water.
People go, 'What happened to the words?'They started growing roots and they tapped into—there was a big pool of water, a big pool of Living Water all at the throne of the Father.
And it was ankle-deep, knee-deep, waist-deep, and then it went all the way down.
And you could go all the way down to the bottom of that pool and you could see that pool all the way; it was the most beautiful, crystal-clear water I've ever seen before.
And it's like what I've said before: you just wanted to get a big cup of it and just drink, drink, drink.
And that water is there for you today. That water is there for you—that clear water where you could see all the way to the bottom.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, you've been all the way to the bottom of that before.
You've been in the deep waters before, and it's time for you to go back.
It's time for you to get out of the knee-deep, ankle-deep, waist-deep, and go clear to the bottom.'In these last days, ladies and gentlemen, it's going to take us being filled with the Holy Spirit and staying in that deeper water with Him.
And those roots that I saw, those peanut roots—all those roots that were growing, all those words that were growing before me started growing in words, and they were all looking for the Living Water.
The word even out of His mouth was looking for the water of Him.
They were looking because the more He spoke it, the more they started to grow, and they went and they were finding the source of how to stay alive.
And even His words knew—the Father's words knew—that they had to stay in the water, the water of who He is. He is the Living Water. They abided in Him.
His words remained in Him, and they went and they started growing and they got in that water and they became life.
His words are life to those that find them and health to all their flesh.
And I'm telling you, His words are powerful. What is He speaking?
What are His thoughts towards you today, ladies and gentlemen?
His thoughts are—just like Diana said in the video yesterday—His thoughts are more than the grains of sand upon this earth towards you.
Good thoughts. He doesn't think bad thoughts towards you. He has amazing thoughts for you: thoughts of prosperity, thoughts of success, thoughts of wholeness.
'Man, I have a plan for them in a thousand years. I have a plan for them after the thousand years.
I have so much for them for the eons and eons of time.'He has that for that woman right there and him right there and that one right there.
And He thinks all these thoughts towards you. The Bible says all the time His mind is massive.
Of course, you know He's infinite in His capacity and His ability to think.
We're created and made in His image, ladies and gentlemen, so we think a lot of thoughts every single day, but just think about it: our Father thinks a lot about you.
And there's billions of us; He thinks about us because He's an infinite God.
Nothing's too big for Him and nothing's too small. Remember that: all things are possible to him that believes.
When you're believing for your miracle today, don't believe for tomorrow; believe for the now.
And begging is not believing. We're not begging God to do something today for us.
You're not out there, 'Oh, God, I need it, please! Oh, God, help me!'No.
'God, I thank You that You said in Your Word...'Remember: always mirror His Word.
If you do not have the Word to stand on when you're praying, you're not going to get results.
You know why? Because you have to have the Word to back your prayer.
Find scriptures to back your prayer, and you will get results whenever you get that, because the Word does not return unto Him void.
The Word does not return; it's going to prosper where You send it.
I know I'm messing that up a little bit; there's a little bit more to that.
Look that up: 'My words will not return unto Me void, but they will prosper in the thing whereunto I sent them.'So when you pray with scripture to stand on, it's Word-backed prayer.
It's not flesh; it's not all flaky. And that's why I try a lot, whenever I'm not around you all, I pray in tongues. I pray in the spirit.
So, praying in the spirit with a brand-new tongue, and I pray like that, and that's what comes up out of me and it brings me into the glory.
And so I don't pray a lot in English; I pray a lot in English here because I have a lot of people from a lot of different denominations that would like to pray with us, and so this is how we're going to do it.
All right, so that's what I had for you today. So we're just going to start out, we're just going to thank Him and we're going to praise Him.
Father, we praise the Father for our new president that's coming, that he has supernatural—ladies and gentlemen, he's going to need supernatural wisdom for what he's about to step into.
He is stepping into a mess bigger than what people realize. When I was in the spirit and the Lord showed me things, he's going to need our prayers every day.
A supernatural grace to get through these next four years, especially the first two.
We need to pray. Father, I just thank You. I just thank You, Father, for President Trump.
I lift him up before You, Father, today. And I thank You, Father, that he has Your mind today.
Father, I take authority over every satanic or demonic force that is trying to come against him.
I bind it in the name of Jesus and we plead the blood over President Trump.
We plead the blood over his mind, that he has the mind of Christ.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for all the cabinet and all the people that he's putting around him, that there are no Jezebel spirits that he's putting around him. Father, I plead the blood even over the Attorney General.
And I thank You, Lord, that if people are not meant to be in the position that they're in, I thank You that they would be removed—not just concerning her, but around every single person and every person in the cabinet.
I thank You, Father, that there is a divine protection, there's a divine watching over President Trump.
And I thank You, Father, for godly men and women being put up around and about him.
Father, in the name of Jesus, that the people would have not their agenda but, Father, Your agenda on this earth; that we would change things and do things lined up with scripture; and Father, that we would be able to flow with the Spirit of the Lord concerning every decision we make in this United States of America and around the world, for our decisions affect a lot of people.
Even with the tariffs and things like that, Father, I thank You, Lord, for godly wisdom.
I pray over President Trump; I pray over his mind, his wife, his marriage.
I thank You, Lord, for a restoration in his marriage. I thank You, Lord, for restoration in his kids.
Father, they've been pushing as hard as they can even at his age, and I just ask You, Father, for a refreshing over his body, over his heart, over his liver, over his mind, over all his body parts, over all his organs.
I thank You, Lord, that he's refreshed. Over his joints, as he gets up in the morning, he's refreshed; his joints don't hurt.
He doesn't have arthritis, he doesn't have dementia, he doesn't have Alzheimer's. His mind is sharp and alert.
Father, I thank You that his eyes are not growing dim and his mind is firing on all cylinders.
Father, just like it was in the Word whenever Moses led the people of Israel—Father, he was 80 years old; he wasn't too old. Lord, look what You did with him all the way to 120.
I thank You, Father, that there are great days ahead of President Trump to lead this nation, especially for the next four years.
I thank You, Father, that this would be a time like it was with Ronald Reagan, turning things around.
And then, Lord, if You tarry past the Shemitah cycle, Lord, we will see, in the name of Jesus, another godly person, another person that's a rock—not like a George Bush was whenever Ronald Reagan left, but, Father, that we would have somebody with more character, a person of great character again, Father, to run this nation.
Father, this would not just be four years and done, but Father, if You decide to tarry, we would have more than even just the four years.
Father, this would be a chain of events that would keep affecting generations.
In the name of Jesus, this would be a generational change—a generational change that, Father, we stand on.
In the gap, we stand in this time, and we thank You, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
For this holiday season, we plead the blood of Jesus over every person who's going to these stores and these malls.
I thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single one of them.
And we thank You, Lord, that no calamity, no pain, nothing comes down—no shooting, no terrorist activity—that the parents are attentive to their children and that they are watching over their children.
Father, that there would be no snatchers or anybody trying to hurt the children.
We put angels—we ask for the angels of the Lord to go and protect the children.
Father, as the moms and dads, if they're distracted, God, You cover our good, our bad, and our ugly.
Lord, You cover our good, our bad, and our ugly even when we don't even realize that You're doing it.
You have Your hand on this house, You have Your hand on my children, on these children.
And I thank You, Lord, that Your angels are watching over us and that they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against the stone.
Because, Father, You are a merciful and awesome God that protects us.
Not only do You provide for us, not only do You heal us, but God, You protect us.
You're our great protector, You're our shield and our buckler.
I believe, Father, with all my heart, for Psalm 91 is our—You're a wall.
Your name is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
You are that strong tower and we run to You, Father. We go into You.
We believe, Father, for a supernatural covering of protection over every single one of us in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that as people go to the parade, Father, if they see any weirdness or any kind of terrorist activity or any kind of person trying to harm people, driving cars into crowds or doing something stupid, we thank You, Lord, that they have heightened awareness, watching their surroundings.
They're not just, you know, lackadaisical, but Father, they have it in their mind to go, 'Hey, I need to pay attention to where I am at right now.'I thank You, Lord, and that when they do, they will see the evil and they will tell on them.
Just like the people on the building were trying to protect—'There's a man on the building, there's a man on the building!'—let people see and know that they have to keep their eyes open for evil.
Father, that their minds are sharp. God, I thank You, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed, all things that need to be uncovered will be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, for Rockin'New Year's Eve, Father; we thank You, Lord, for supernatural protection in Atlanta.
I pray over Atlanta and over the malls and over the gatherings.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there is no weapon formed against us.
And over Las Vegas, I thank You, Father, that there's no weapon formed against Las Vegas that would prosper.
Father, I know it's a Sin City, but Father, there are people there that we pray for mercy, that their lives would be spared even in the sin.
I thank You, Father, that You would raise up people to go and pray—pray over the Strip, pray over the area—that, Father, they would be attentive to their surroundings.
Father, even in Las Vegas, Father, I call a hedge of protection over every believer in the name of Jesus.
If they live in the area, Father, I thank You, Lord. Father, for every person that has their eyes open.
Open eyes, open eyes in Jesus'name. Let there be a revival breakout.
We call forth revival in all the areas all over America, all over Asia, all over Africa, all over Europe, all over Russia, and all over Siberia and over the areas.
Father, over Ukraine and the war in Ukraine and what's going on and all the warnings that You showed me, I thank You, Lord, that You're diffusing this and that the men and women of God that are going there, that are believers, that are fighting in this battle, You protect them.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us in Jesus'name.
And it's not just a one-time ten thousand, not a one-time thousand; it's every day.
We believe that no weapon formed against the believers will prosper in Jesus'name.
That You raise up, Father, as Your covenant heirs—Father, just like it was with David, the mighty men of war—Father, we ask for supernatural protection over the believers in the name of Jesus.
The men and women that are putting their life in harm's way on a day-to-day basis: the law enforcement, the FBI, the CIA, the Homeland Security, all of our branches of the military.
Father, I pray over all our men and women that serve in the military.
We thank You, Lord, for supernatural wisdom over our leadership and over the commanders and the chiefs and all the officers.
I pray supernatural protection over them. Father, the privates—Father, I pray over them.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there is protection over the Marines, the Navy, the Army, the Air Force, Father; I thank You even over the Space Force.
I thank You, Lord, for all of them, the branches of the military, the National Guard, Father, the Coast Guard.
I pray a supernatural protection over them in the name of Jesus, Father, that they would uncover all ungodly activity and they would know how to protect this nation through cyber security and over our electric grid.
I pray over our electric grid. You will not, devil, take down our electric grid.
You will not cause cyber blackouts in the name of Jesus. We rise up against you, we bind you, we take authority over you.
They're causing havoc during this holiday season; we say in the name of Jesus, you are bound.
In the name of Jesus, we plead the blood over our cyber security and over all our Homeland Security, and I say in the name of Jesus, supernatural wisdom would come on the men and women of God—over the men and women, they may not even be saved, they may not even know it, but they're protecting me.
And I thank You, Lord, that they have wisdom on how to handle their jobs, even on a supernatural level.
They go, 'I didn't think about doing that—it works!'Father, they're not able to infiltrate our water stations and our electric grids and our nuclear stations and all the things that we have, Father, that might be vulnerable to attack.
We pray for supernatural protection, supernatural wisdom over all this holiday season: the travel and the airplanes—American Air, Southwest, United, and all the others, Delta, whoever.
Father, I pray over every single airplane, over all the staff, that there is protection in them—no distraction from the pilots and no air traffic control confusion.
We come against it in the name of Jesus, and we thank You, Lord, that there are supernatural things taking place in this time of Thanksgiving.
Father, we give You great glory and honor and thanksgiving.
We call forth bodies to be healed and whole and we thank You, Lord, for Your healing power that flows on the inside of them.
That You call them healed; we speak healing and wholeness and wellness over every single person that is represented here today.
Father, that they don't go on one more day with what they've been carrying.
We take off that beggar's cloak and we come up higher, Father, and we believe, Father, that You are the Healer.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they are delivered, Father, from whatever it may be. Nothing's too big for You.
I believe, Father, with them that today they're the healed, they're the whole, they're the well in Jesus'name.
And we thank You, Father, for delivering their bodies. We thank You, Lord, for healing their bodies.
Father, You sent Your Word and You healed us, and we receive it by faith.
We receive the blessings of the Lord on our home. We pray over prosperity, Father.
We speak for prosperity to come on us in a double, triple overflow in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, Lord: everything I put my hands to will prosper. Everything I put my hands to will prosper.
Every seed that they sow, we speak life over those seeds, Father.
Over the harvest, Father, that they would have thirty, sixty, and a hundredfold.
And I believe for the hundredfold return; I believe for the hundredfold return, that everything they put their hands to today, God, every seed they've sowed—even the ones that blessed me, God, I pray for supernatural increase over them and creative ideas to get wealth.
That as you sow in the ground, Father, I thank You, Lord, they would sow into good ground and the ground would reap forth major harvest, not taking a long time to receive it.
'Well, I seeded five years ago and still haven't seen my return.'I call forth ground that would reap back right now —that the harvesters and the sowers are going hand in hand.
The harvesters are coming, the harvesters are coming, and the great sowers are going hand in hand.
In the name of Jesus, calling those things that be not as though they were, speaking and decreeing a thing that the blessing and the favor of the Lord is on their finances.
And I thank You, Lord, that they have more than enough to do what they're called to do and to promote the Gospel throughout the whole world in the name of Jesus.
And we speak those things and we call those households blessed.
We call their husbands to have jobs and their wives to have jobs, whatever they may need.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath, and they will go through and they will not go under.
They will have a supernatural favor on their lives today. Father, that You bless us indeed and You increase our land and You enlarge our territory, that we would cause no pain.
And I believe, Father, that this is a time of great acceleration in every area of their life—that they would have whatever they may need in their bodies, in their minds, in their soul, in their spirit.
Father, they are blessed in it, in Jesus'name. And I call for a fire of the Lord to drive out every sickness, a fire of the Lord to drive out every demonic spirit in the name of Jesus.
Nothing oppressing them, nothing holding them back, and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
And even the fruit of their womb will be blessed, Lord. And we thank You, Lord, for everything they may have need of.
God, Father, You have it all for them, and we give You praise and glory.
We thank You, Father, for You said, 'Make your request made known unto God with thanksgiving.'And we thank You, Lord, we give You praise and we give You glory today that everything we pray here, everything we believe we receive here, is coming to pass.
We praise You, Father, for all that You've done and all that You're going to do—that You're a good God and You're able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
That today is a day of supernatural increase. We believe, Father, that today is a good day.
And tomorrow—today's Tuesday—and we're going into Wednesday.
Father, as people travel, we ask, Father, for traveling mercies over their homes, over them as people are traveling and coming here in the United States of America.
It's a holiday season this week. We pray, Father, that there's traveling mercies over them.
We thank You, Lord, that Your angels are going with the cars—that there's no tires that pop, there's no tires that go out. Father, their tires would stay strong.
Father, they would make it there and make it all the way back with no problems as they drive, as they travel, as they fly—by train, by boat, whatever.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they're always in that secret place of the Most High.
And if You say, 'Lord, do not go,'they will hear You and they won't go, even for divine protection.
I thank You, Lord, that they will not hear a spirit of forebodings or torment, but Father, they would always hear Your voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
We thank You, Lord, for a supernatural covering over them today in the name of Jesus. Lord, we give You praise for it today.
We thank You, Lord, for Elon Musk; we call him born again, we call him saved, we call him filled with the Holy Ghost, Father.
And that he would be a light in the darkness, Father; that he would be a voice that speaks in the wilderness, saying that Jesus Christ is coming, and that he would be such a big light for You because of his position and his platform and his celebrity, that people would see the Jesus in him.
And Father, they would say, 'What has changed Elon Musk today?
He's different.'But Father, in this, I thank You, Lord, that according to Your Word, the blinders are off his eyes.
We call those blinders off of Elon Musk's eyes in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You that You said Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever so that they can't see the Gospel, but Father, I thank You, according to Ephesians, that the eyes of his understanding would be enlightened and he would know, Father, what You have for him.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for that right now in Jesus'name—that Elon Musk in this time is going to be radically born again, all for the glory of God, Father.
And I thank You, Lord, for it. And even President Trump's going to have even a greater encounter with You, Lord.
There's so much we can pray for today, ladies and gentlemen.
We pray for peace over this war, for strategic—and that Joe Biden steps out of it and stops poking the bear.
We take authority over that demonic war spirit in the name of Jesus, and we say cease and desist in your maneuvering, and you will not rob millions of lives; you will not, in Jesus'name.
We take authority over that spirit and we thank You, Lord, that peace will reign and peace will flow.
And we pray over Putin and over all these others, like Macron, and all these other—Father, I call that demonic spirit bound and completely helpless, that demonic spirit of war.
And we say, 'No, no, no, we will not have it.'We call peace in the name of Jesus over the situation, over Israel, over all of Iran.
Father, we thank You that Your angels are protecting and guiding, and Father, I thank You, Lord, for supernatural wisdom.
Supernatural wisdom today. Everybody say, 'Amen and amen.'Well, if you're new here and you've never prayed with us, we thank you for joining us.
Man, it's a blessing, every single one of you that come out every single day and pray with me. Thank you.
I believe we're turning things around; I believe we're changing things because there's power and the authority of the believer as we stand on the Word of God and believe in our hearts today that He's given us power and authority.
We're seated with Him, and I'm just thankful for it. I'm just thankful that you come out.
I don't want to get to preaching again, but I'm thankful, and I ask you to subscribe.
Every single one of you that has not ever subscribed before: thank you that you subscribe and click the notification bell, click the like button.
It really helps us with the algorithm here on this platform.
We thank you for all that you all do to help us in getting the Gospel spread throughout the whole world.
You are truly a blessing to my family and we want to say thank you, thank you, thank you.
And we're truly grateful. It has been amazing what the Lord has done in this last year.
I believe I'm up to 416,000 subscribers, all for the glory of God.
You all are coming from everywhere, and so I'm just so thankful that you make me a part of your day by putting on the Word and the prayer on your device or whatever, and that we're praying together, we're believing together.
I hope it gives you hope, stirs your spirit up, and you have a refreshing when you come here.
I pray that every day that you come, you're refreshed, that you get some hope to go through your day to know that all things are possible to him who believes—that we believe that Jesus is a Healer, and we believe that Jesus has made us whole and healed by His stripes.
Well, we're going to close the video today and we'll pray again tomorrow. Tomorrow will be Wednesday.
So we always close this video by saying: Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you, and we will see you again tomorrow. God bless you all and have a wonderful night. Bye-bye.